Update samples for 1.8 experimental2 (#465)
microsoft/WindowsAppSDK-Samples: Samples/WindowsCopilotRuntime/README.md

Reviewer: @manodasanW let's also make sure we're in sync with agg's SamplesRepoBranchingPlan.md

products:
    - windows
    - windows-app-sdk
name: "Windows AI APIs Samples"
urlFragment: WindowsCopilotRuntime
description: "Shows how to use the Windows AI APIs"
extendedZipContent:
    - path: LICENSE
      target: LICENSE
---

> # Windows AI APIs Samples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Windows AI Samples
```

See [additional instructions](./cpp-console-unpackaged/README.md) for using [the C++ & CMake sample](./cpp-console-unpackaged/CMakeLists.txt).

## Special Considerations for Unpackaged & Self-Contained Mode with WCR

- This project is not intended to be fully functional when running as an unpackaged app. However, Windows Copilot Runtime (WCR) does support unpackaged apps.
- Self-contained mode is fully supported by WCR APIs as well.

> - The following command demonstrates how to run the app as an ARM64 unpackaged application in self-contained mode (for both WinAppSDK and .NET):

Reviewer: @pratikone I don't understand why the project properties were removed in favor of command line parameters, which would vary with build tool and aren't even available in VS.

See [additional instructions](./cpp-console-unpackaged/README.md) for using [the C++ & CMake sample](./cpp-console-unpackaged/CMakeLists.txt).

> ## Special Considerations for Unpackaged and Self-Contained modes with WinAI Apis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Special Considerations for Unpackaged and Self-Contained modes with Windows AI APIs
```

- Unpackaged app configuration is no longer supported. Every app using WinAI APIs must have an identity. One can use [sparse package config](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/desktop/modernize/grant-identity-to-nonpackaged-apps) to achieve that with unpackaged binaries.

> - Self-contained mode is fully supported by WCR APIs as well.

Reviewer: let's scour for WCR mentions (again, this should be taken up thru main as well)
```suggestion
- Self-contained mode is fully supported by Windows AI APIs as well.
```
